five generations of hands have
prepared and prepared the fair bread
that occurs in holy cross happy and
that is sold at celebrations of the
central area of ​​the country don armando has
more than 40 years making this bread
artisan
of one and no talking about this from
1972 already on my account give so much to
elaborate gone improving little by little we
we found account was not new the
service but my father I grabbed
the tube the office and from there to win in
the preparation of this bread is totally
by hand and every weekend they do more
of 1,500 pieces to be sold in the
regional fairs of the center of the country
well we did it a couple of fines are
like fifteen hundred pieces put up
2100 decade h 19
I do not do daily diary
the father of an armando learned that
his father's office and he transmitted it to
his son and his grandchildren that now
participate in the development of these
products with the same recipe with which
they were made more than 100 years ago
but at that time when I make this
I work the latch because he died not
there were tickets
We said it says you have to provoke 2,971
then I grabbed to work little by little
I started from below and little by little go
making the talitas we have worked
Don Armando's family is just one of
the more than 300 that are dedicated to perform
artisanal bread for regional fairs
in the community of sant del buscaco I have
in the municipality of zinacantepec